OK.
OK.
Mhm.
So last time we have started exercises on
this. Today we'll continue. OK,
we'll progress through this and.
Let's say we do a 5 questions per 15
minutes maximum. OK,
except if you are all done before that
and then we I show the correction,
we bring the queries together and then we
go ahead.
Oh, on this.
OK.
So I can't remember what we have done
last time.
Probably I saved nothing last time. OK,
can you remember to what query where?
Please be stopped out.
5-5 it's not that Friday. OK,
maybe we haven't on the log.
So let's, uh, we did five. We did five.
OK,
so let's just start again from 5:00 and
let's do.
I repeat on this is a good opportunity
for you to practice with me next to you
and we can explain again things that you
that you think you have missed etcetera.
So how to get the revenue for one
specific year?
I record on for the mojo for this kind of
exercise.
It's important to have the diagram.
If you don't have the diagram,
it's super difficult because you will
have to look at all the tables, module,
all the tables, etcetera manually.
So that's super difficult.
Better to have the diagram to navigate
through the data.
And here we instantly see that in the
other.
Details we have unit price, quantity,
discounts and here we have the
constraints of having the time of the
order and here we have the shipped the
sorry the order date somewhere but not in
the same table.
So when you have data distributed over
different tables, it's the case for.
When you want to fetch data from
different tables, you need to use.
The.
Operator.
How to query data from different tables
guys? Join. Join. Yes. OK, so we can join.
We can see that there's a link between
those two tables.
Is that a problem if we don't have any
link visible here? Is it a problem?
It is. It can be a problem,
but it's not mandatory to have a link
between 2 tables to join data from 2
tables. It's a bit weird not to say that,
but actually the join does doesn't care
about the foreign keys and primary keys.
It it cares only about the criteria you
are giving in order to set up the join
operation.
So you can join 2 tables without any link,
providing the fact that you have.
A valid matching condition understood and
valid in terms of technique.
That technical validity,
functional validity doesn't,
so it's up to you to find this.
So it's not a blocker.
You can still do a join even if you don't
have primary key or foreign key defined,
but it's to your at your own risk because
it means that probably the data you are
matching are not supposed to match.
Um, so?
The big question at the start of every
query is what is my primary table.
Here we want this.
The revenue is in order other state
details table,
so I will select from other details.
Who is?
OK.
Then I need to do this.
Quantity times OD dot unitrice,
which is a common factor.
2.
1 minus OG dot discount.
So that's the overall revenue here that
we have,
especially if we do sum of this quantity,
we sum the unit price.
The unit, sorry,
order detail revenue and that gives me
the overall revenue. OK,
now we need to have a constraint on the
date. So this is where we need to join.
By default when you don't precise,
it's in a join.
OK, if you just do join like this,
it's inner join. It's preferably.
Preferably you will resize the kind of
join so that it's more readable.
Let's join orders.
On.
And here you see the beaver is trying to
help you from the known foreign key
relation.
It tries to set up the criteria so that
it matches something that you have set up
in terms of constraints.
Live join.
And then this is where we do a filter
where year of all dots or the date equal
to something.
This is, let's say, the static version,
because we can have a more dynamic
version which is using the.
The group by we can group by.
Group by.
Yeah.
Off. Sorry, yeah, off. That's.
OK,
remember that when you have something in
the group by,
it has to be in front as well of the
aggregate value.
So if you group by something here,
you should have it here as well,
otherwise it will not work.
OK,
and you see here that the name pretty
important for the exam.
The exam you will have column that can be
renamed, so be careful.
I will expect the exact match if the data.
Bonjour. If the data are matching,
that's good,
but that's only a partial mark.
If data plus headers are matching,
that's still a partial mark because I
need to have header contents.
And order. If it is strictly the same,
then you have 20% bonus on the full grade
on the full mark.
So that means that you can have up to 1.
2 out of 1, so partial mark.
.3 for each aspect .
3 if you have only the data .
3 if you have only the other .
3 if you have only the errors you see.
So even if you don't manage to answer a
query a smart way.
To hack the question is to at least
select the correct column names. It's .
3 secured for all the questions you see,
so don't remain stuck.
You can do select the column names that
are required and no data.
It is still valid. OK, why is that?
Because you are software engineers,
so even if the query returns no data,
you still can.
You are still able to use it at some
point in your application because you
have the right structure,
you have the right returns layout.
So This is why I'm putting some value on
this,
because the structure is some is a part
of the solution as well. OK,
it's and it's strong parts, so here.
Be careful if it is said like this.
You have to match the exact same column
names.
I it's strict in the exam.
If it is not matching then you you don't
have the full mark.
OK, guys,
so this is the five and I would like you
to continue with the 678910.
Except if you tell me that they have done
it already.
We.
Good.
OK.
You.
The working days since you want to ask
any questions I'm here. I'm very good.
I can show phones again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
So.
OK.
So we were on that in the slice.
Let's try the exam and the goal is every
five questions,
every five questions or 15 minutes,
we do a review of what you should have
for a form.
In terms of credits,
is there conference meaning?
By me, look,
she thought I would be in the government.
The steps click on the link.
Well, OK.
It.
Yeah.
S.
OK.
Yes.
Oh.
OK.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh.
It's OK.
Yeah.
Yes.
It.
It.
OK.
This is.
This I guess you can you can.
Yes.
This.
So.
Let me try a second.
I'm just trying to check with.
Uh, yes.
Well, OK, she can just ring me to invite.
I think, yeah, sure.
Let's go first round of of correction.
So list of countries covered by delivery.
So here we can do of course a select from
and I strongly encourage you to have this
approach to be more effective when you
write your query.
Do not try to put the column names first
because you have to select the.
The table.
What is the first input is the table and
here the countries covered by delivery.
I have to think more than 10 seconds just
to make sure that we have selected the
right thing,
so I think we can rely on the ship
country here.
Which is in orders. So my table,
the primary table I'm fetching is orders.
Why is that good?
Is that better to select from the table
first?
Because after that you have code
completion.
You can do all dots and then you have the
column names. You don't have to type them.
Yes, why? Why not?
It's possible for another to northern and
it's not that's in the shippers.
We don't have anything related to the
country.
Shippers don't join on other because
looking at the location, right?
It's possible that there are orders that
have not been shipped, yeah,
but the question said by delivery,
so that was not going to be over.
It's the countries covered by delivery
means that maybe there's a a double
meaning here, but.
What is interesting is what countries can
we have been covered by delivery?
OK, OK, that means.
That we need to make the list in the
orders of all the countries to where we
have shipped something.
OK.
OK, for that kind of question,
that's true that sometimes the way it is
formulated can be an issue,
but don't worry because you will normally
wish you should understand better during
the exam because you have the screenshots.
And you have the columns to be selected,
etcetera. OK, so but in and in any case,
I will be here to give advice. Bonjour.
Where's my coffee? My coffee?
You're late.
It's because you took a coffee. OK,
that's a joke, of course,
but that's not good to be late. I said it.
OK.
Uh, oh, that's.
Ship country.
And here you have all the list.
You see that we have as many countries as
we have different orders,
but this is this is creating as well
duplicates. So this is not what we want.
If we want to have only the unique set,
we have to place distinct.
Visual.
OK guys, and here I'm happy,
but I'm not so happy because when you
look for something you expect the list to
be organized correctly.
Otherwise here it's very difficult.
Imagine you want to set to search.
I don't know for for Denmark.
You have to look 1 by 1 all the entries
and you you find it after some time,
but hopefully that's only 21 countries.
So it's very important for your customer,
for your users to order by.
Something.
Whatever,
whatever makes sense regarding the data.
And here of course it's binary ship.
country
OK.
So here this is a kind of result you
could expect from an application.
Please think to your user.
Think about your users.
Think about you yourself when you use an
application. For me,
it's upsetting when you have a list which
is not ordered.
I can give you a very bad example.
It's this list in teams look.
What can you do with that?
You can do nothing.
I have so many teams and I don't want to
close them because sometimes I have some
ideas that are developed only in one team,
so but it's not organized.
I have teams from here.
I can tell you it's from 2020.
And it's mixed with things from 2025.
So you seem even Microsoft cannot be can
be not aware of some user experience
problem,
but try to to be better than that.
List of available transporters.
So you have to map here transporters to
shippers actually and here we it's not
precise exactly what you want,
so you can take everything,
select stuff from.
Cheapers,
but still think about the other other buy.
Uh, you see, you brought me a coffee.
Awesome.
OK.
OK,
so always try to organize it so that it's.
It's readable.
OK.
Number of customer per countries.
What does that mean?
I.
I'll ask the same result. It's not matter.
Where where do where do you need?
You don't need the joints actually
because here.
Yeah,
but actually it's not necessary because
you don't need anything else than what is
already in the shippers.
So when it is in that state,
you don't need to join.
So what I'm trying to ask,
I have the same result but I don't care.
You don't care.
OK if if the query is suboptimized,
I don't care. I will put a timer.
The timer is 1 minute Max per query.
It can happen with the database you have,
which is a big database that is just make
a query suboptimal can run for several
minutes.
I will cut at one minute in the case if
it is interrupted, but looks good,
looks correct.
I mean because you had the right ideas.
Not just not optimized.
You will have a part,
a good part of a good amount of the month.
OK, OK, maybe half of the month.
Number of customer back countries.
Who has done this one?
Who is doing with this one?
OK, have a look. It's customer.
It's a number per something that means
it's a.
Oh, Sir.
Number or something,
there will be a cause and it is fair,
so it's group by. So it's group by.
So when you see that kind of sentence,
you should see a group by.
That's that's.
OK.
Um.
Wait.
You're having some data.
But I think I'm serious for instance.
That's it.
There's nothing,
so I think you should rerun the.
I do.
It was OK. We're very good.
It's we're actually a little bit. OK.
And that's the reason. Yeah.
But the Daniel hasn't even changed. Yeah.
Yeah. So I should have made it very hard.
Let's go keep.
Yeah, the fact it was on paper,
it was on paper and you know the way the
the teacher did the full in reference of
course. Yeah, the backgrounds,
it was very difficult. OK,
good to know if it was simple.
You do.
Yeah, but that's not my because.
Yeah,
it's training and I'm here to explain in
the example. No, not to be standard. No,
it's essential. It's more difficult. No,
it's a. Yeah,
so that's normally what people.
We need to not want to say it with race,
so that we can.
I should follow the basic exam.
OK.
That's what we think.
Let's see.
S.
So this one you also have to like, um,
order them, depending on order.
Maybe I'm going to talk today in another.
Yeah,
because I've seen countries with not.
I don't see,
I don't think there's a country with not
graduating. We do so.
Yes, normally. OK, you have two ways.
Number of customer per countries.
Either you can't,
you're organized by counts or you're
organized by name. OK,
depends actually the context if you want.
So you don't know what you are looking
for. Maybe organizing by name is good.
If you know that you want to see the top
countries or something like this,
it's better to organize by class module.
So as usual,
select from and then the table name.
We want here the customers.
OK,
and then you have access to the code
completion.
It's only a recommendation guys, huh?
So here you want to have whatever because
it's a count and you have to have the
country,
so the country and C dot customer ID for
instance the count of this.
Groove by.
Council.
Why is the same? Because there's.
Why is that the same?
What should it be the same?
Because I hear we don't care.
It would be stars work. You can't.
You can't the rules.
You don't count the column. OK, OK,
you count the rows and normally there's
on in one row.
You have only one instance of each column.
So it's you see it's one row equals one
column. In terms of count, it's the same.
So you can do this even the first column,
the second column providing you have at
least two columns, et cetera.
So you don't care.
And here of course, if I do that,
I will miss the order by.
And here maybe I can just do CNT.
OK, so this is CNT ascending,
CNT descending.
OK, wait, you can put whatever you want.
Since it is from the customer table, yeah.
Number of orders which are ordered but
not shipped
OK.
OK. Thank you.
OK.
No, no.
The question is within the orders,
what does that mean?
Ordered but not shipped actually and we
can we should have a look to the orders
table because this is where starts the
question and so we can have to have a
look to the data.
And if we have a look here to the dates.
OK, we have all the dates, required dates.
That's fine. It's weird.
I would have expected so.
OK.
OK, we see here at the ends.
That we have some orders where we have
not shipped date, so we have null values.
Which means that those orders have been
ordered, but they have not been delivered,
they have not been shipped.
So sometimes it is called painful orders
or stuck orders, actually,
because they have been stuck,
they have been ordered, but not sent.
OK, so how do we do that now?
Select from.
From where?
Orders.
OK.
3.
What do we do? Count, start,
count something,
count whatever from order.
where ship oh the ship
Date is null.
And if we want to stick to the exact
definition, and O.
Ship.
Auto date is not now.
OK.
They have been ordered but not shipped.
So this is the ordered art and shipped,
not shipped art this year.
Be careful because sometimes when you
don't do that,
you are just including in your results
some queries that are not some results
that are not exactly matching what you're
looking for.
So we have 21 orders which are pending.
Pending since 1998, so that's a long.
A long waits.
All the others from France and Belgium.
That's super interesting too.
To see that. Is it like a count?
OK.
OK.
Let's do this one and then we do a short
break and so all the others from France
and Belgium.
Select.
From where?
Hello.
Let's take everything where.
Order ship country equals.
Runs.
And order ship country.
Equal.
Belgium.
The early.
Uh, very good question.
If it is ants, we have an issue.
It's you see it's a bit troubling here
because we have the ants in the sentence
and so we think ants that's in the in the
boolean logic.
And in the natural language means all
because we want to add and it's not going
to happen to have a ship country which
can be at the same time France and at the
same time Belgium.
So it's one or the other and one or the
other makes both.
In terms of presence.
It.
So if I do that, I can do this as well.
Which may be a bit shorter if you have
more than one, more than two countries,
Belgium.
You see the select where in can also
accept.
This.
Etc. OK,
because what you see here is a list.
Of course in your select you should be
able to provide.
Only one result so that it can match only
one column so that it can match what is
expected here. OK.
So select in with fixed values,
but as well from dynamic values thanks to
the subselect approach.
OK.
OK, let's do a break.
So that we have time for the.
Um.
Mhm.
Oh.
OK.
Thank you.
And.
Sorry.
You.
Yeah.
I'm going to.
Thanks.
Um.
When you come to.
I miss you.
What's the?
And.
OK.
Mhm.
OK.
I.
Um.
Yeah, probably.
So.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Let me see.
OK.
Hey, so.
Thanks.
Yeah, good.
Then.
OK, let's go for the next questions.
OK.
Most expensive products.
How do we do that?
How do we do the most expensive products?
Huh. Next slide. Next slide. Yeah,
it's endless. I'm sorry.
I can uh provide them as well.
Way up.
That's why I'm like.
Yes.
OK.
Like, you know, a lot of those things.
OK.
Mm.
I think.
Look at experience will be fun.
That's good. I was told you that.
Mhm.
It's not.
It's.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Yes.
Thank you.
Mhm.
OK.
OK.
Hello, welcome.
OK.
2.
What?
Mhm.
So let's go back to here.
The most expensive products that actually
means nothing.
Maybe we should rephrase this question to
the products ordered by their price,
their unit price, because we don't know.
But it's an expensive product.
We don't know if it is because you you
may have noticed that in the products we
have as well a quantity per product
because it's the the condition of each
product is a bit different so.
For instance,
the most expensive product is a French
wine here,
but you have 12 bottles bottles inside,
so it's expensive,
but this is because you have 12 packs of
12 bottles.
Let's organize by unit price ordered by
descending.
So select from products B.
Select star.
Auto by.
He does.
You need price.
And this and.
And code is French wine and you have sure
products so.
It's here it's it's true that it is vague.
In the exam you will have a limit.
You will have let's say 5 return 5
results or 10 results and that's it. OK.
You will use limits to get only the five
top most expensive,
except if you are asked to use the rank.
You remember the rank function that we
used.
So if it is stated exactly to use the
rank then you have to do that.
List of discontinued products.
So select star from products.
where p.discontinued equal 1.
How do I know that?
Yeah,
but discontinued this one is usually the
flag when you don't have booleans,
which was the case in early database
engines back from the 90s.
Boolean was not existing, it was 01.
Flag in inks OK kind of product per
category name.
I will add per category name that is
important because it will provoke.
To use a join.
OK.
But.
Thank you.
H.
OK.
So how do we do that?
From what table are we starting?
Ohh From what table are we starting?
Category? No. Products? What you want?
What do you want to count? Products and
The rest is only like formatting, okay?
Be careful the the main idea.
The main concept here is product.
It is what you want to have.
Can you do without the category? Yes,
you could. You could count the product.
You see and and and here if you look at
the products,
you still have a category ID.
The category name is something that you
have to add later. OK,
so pay attention identify.
The primary table the where from where
you want to extract the data.
So what is important here is the count
from product, so select star from product.
OK, but here there's.
I think I will own an iPhone very soon.
I will capture it.
Counts of and then I can sell this iPhone
and buy two Android phones for the same
price.
Um, counts of product by category name.
So here it's a counts pair.
Something so it's so.
Group by,
it's a group by and as it is a group by,
it means that we'll have a counts of
course, and we'll have a row title.
You remember that concept of row title
that will be the category name in that
case because we want to organize per
category name.
So here we cannot have category name
because it's in the categories table.
So we need to left drawing because we
want to. Why do we want?
That's interesting here.
Why do we want to left join?
Because we want to count all the products,
imagine that there's no corresponding
category in the categories table.
We still want to have the category,
the product counts. You see,
even if the category ID points to nothing.
So This is why we.
use a left join.
Pay attention because if we use an inner
join,
we'll skip some products because we will
keep only the ones that are um fully
connected to the category.
So this is why usually we want the left
join and not the inner join to not skip.
Any data we want to know when there are
unconnected data left join categories.
On and there's a link between category
and products, categories and product.
So here we will use P dot category.
Uh, sorry, C dot category name.
Comes.
And this because we have not used group
by here group by category name.
Be careful because here if we group by
category name.
What can happen is that we have
duplicates of categories and in that case
we create here the false results because
imagine that we have two categories.
Called Beverages.
OK, it's it's not bad.
I mean in the end for the user the result
will be the same.
But what I mean is that you can have here
a difference between the category name
because category name is maybe not unique.
So maybe it would be interesting to group
by category ID. In addition,
just to be sure, as a software developer,
as a software engineer,
what you will do usually is to include
the ID always.
Whenever you do something,
you include the ID because this will be
your reference.
As soon as the user clicks somewhere on
your user interface,
you will need this whatever ID to contact
the database.
OK, so group by category ID.
What's the issue here? Crew by.
What's the issue? Sorry.
There's no issue.
And of course we need to order by order
by C dot.
Category name all icons.
OK.
Uh, remember that we need to have this.
That's interesting here. For instance,
if we want to have the the top three
categories in terms of product
representation, yeah,
that could be a good case for the rank.
Because we have a tie here for the the
the 2-3 and four position in this result.
Seems good.
Average auto price? That's tricky.
That's tricky here.
because this is we have computed
something related to our revenue.
But yeah,
it's not exactly the the same approach,
because in the revenue we can sum all the
items that we have that customers have
bought.
And that creates the revenue.
Now imagine we want to compute the
average order price.
An order is composed of several other
details. OK,
it's not the same as the average of all
the other details revenue.
Persed a punch.
When I say price here,
it's not price actually revenue I would
say.
I will change it from price to generated
revenue.
OK.
Yeah.
It's average order generates the revenue.
I just changed.
Yeah.
So.
OK.
8.
OK.
OK. So what does that mean here?
Imagine you are doing,
what's the difference between, OK,
let's do the the the reasoning as we
could do from the beginning.
Let's have a look. The revenue is here.
O If I want to have the average revenue,
I could have the idea to take this and
instead of um, I do AVG.
But the problem is that it counts the
average order details revenue.
Now in each order we can have one, two,
three, four, five,
ten other details attached to one single
order.
So that's not the same to do the average
of the order details.
Than to do the average of the orders,
right?
Imagine you buy three things on Amazon
and your colleague is buying 10 things on
Amazon.
The other price would be the other
generated revenue would be different for
Amazon. Of course it's not the same of.
Averaging all the other details
independently of whom is doing the order
than to do to take your order,
his order and do the average for each
order. You see the point.
Because the number of products and the
type of products will be of course
different from one other to another.
So we cannot do that way.
So we need to 1st isolate the orders.
How do we do that?
What would be your logic?
We need to isolate per order. Per order.
It's a
When there's.
Per order, it's by order is.
Group by group by order.
We need to have some data groups by order.
You see?
Hmm.
We need to fetch from other details
always because we are talking about
revenue.
But we are we need to group by order ID.
So let's do select.
From other details OD.
And what we will need?
2.
OD dot.
Order ID.
And here we need to have the revenue
generated for each order. OK, so.
And this we have computed it already.
It's here.
This is the revenue.
Of course we have an aggregate function,
so it needs to be group by group by OD
dot order ID.
If I do that,
I have the list of orders and their
associated revenue.
See?
So what is missing now to get the average
of this column?
Yes, but here I cannot do it in one step.
I need to do it in two steps, so select.
From please.
And here we will do.
AVG.
Off.
OK,
I'm not sure it will like it if I name it
as Sam.
Call it as a Rev.
That gives me the average order revenue,
which is slightly different from the
average of order details because here we
have groups per order.
So what does that translate here?
This is the price.
This is the revenue generated in average
for each order.
And is that good? Is that bad?
U to us to say why can we can it be
interesting for a company to know that to
adjust maybe?
The parcel price,
because if we know that every time we do
a we have a customer that does an order,
we have $1500 income. It's not the same.
We can offer the delivery maybe.
It's not the same as if it was $10.
OK, you see the point?
So it has some impact like business
impact like this.
So that's an interesting.
Uh, in inputs.
It's.
OK, what's next? Revenue per category.
This one is super easy.
OK.
It's surprising.
I've shared all the queries from this
morning. I will.
I will send the file by the end of today.
The revenue pack category, we have it,
we have the revenue.
Yes, here we have the revenue pair.
Older.
Instead of doing the revenue per order,
we can do the revenue per.
Products then per category.
Now we can move from products from order
details to product to category and that
makes 2 left joints.
Super easy.
Number of orders per shipper is the same,
but instead of revenue you are computing
orders.
Number of orders per employee is same,
but this time you join on employee and
total revenue per supplier.
It's the same as the revenue per year,
but this time per supplier. So you see.
I have seen all the typologies of queries
that we can have for this exercise.
So please hurry up finishing those easy
queries.
Then with Robert.
Yeah.
Good.
OK.
S.
OK, so revenue pack category.
We have it already. As I said,
we have the revenue here.
So this is.
Reply.
Here instead of.
Doing.
Only the sum.
Now we want the sum of this quantity per
category ID,
so we need to to join on product.
On.
P.
Dots.
Product ID equal OD dot product ID and
then we need to join again left join.
Um category C on P dot category ID equal
um C dot category ID.
Group by.
C dot category name, C dot category.
Name.
And of course, maybe just another buy,
another buy.
Uh, so Rev that's.
Bonjour.
Number of orders per shipper.
4.
So select.
From orders because we can't the orders.
Then we will group by ship via.
And counts of whatever.
okay group by order chip buyer
followed by CNT.
OK.
OK.
But listening for 16, excuse me,
like for 16, right? Yep,
we want to the the name. Yep,
we don't know. Yep.
Left join.
She purse.
On s. the of ship ID equal o.
shipvia and here we group by.
The funny name.
It.
Like this,
you see that we have some unused shippers.
Can you find me what are the unused
shippers?
Because we have 6 shippers and we have
only three which seem to be used here.
How can I get the unused shippers?
If you remember,
this is one of the cases we have
discussed when we did join exercise.
Right join, exclusive,
right join exclusive,
which means that we want only the data
which are in the shippers table and not
connected to anything else. OK,
so this is a select.
From others.
Where?
Left or right joint? Sorry.
She purse.
On S dot by the equal.
Oh, dots.
Ship layup.
Where?
Orders.
Whatever.
His nerve.
So the mistake I did here is that I've
selected everything.
Maybe I can only get shipper ID and S dot
shipper.
Company name.
And these are the ones which are not used
in this company by this company.
So we are only using United Package
federal shipping speedy express.
If I want to isolate the shippers which
are not used,
they are declared but not used,
then this is what we need to do.
OK, guys.
The number of orders per employee.
It's exactly the same,
but instead of joining on shippers,
we join on employees.
On E dot employee ID equal O dot employee.
ID group by e.employee ID.
Oh, employee name.
Last name.
Why do I need to do that?
Because I need to make sure that there's
no homonym on the last name. OK,
maybe better to group by the employee ID
as well.
OK.
Hmm.
It's it's not mandatory actually.
It was not set here.
It's only to have the the word we could
have yes done by ID.
And here I'm just differentiating between
last name and first name because
sometimes we have people with from the
same family working in the same company.
And so here if we group only by family
name, by last name, we will group.
All the orders for several people in the
same bag and we don't want this employee
ID,
but it's better to have as well the the
details if we want Sir.
To to give some information,
some better information,
but here in that specific case there's no
same name for the last name,
so that's that's that would be OK as well
to group by last name on. OK guys.
Do you feel ready for the exam?
Yeah, but you if it's a similar database.
It's OK. It will be a similar database.
Let me save this and share to you.
It's good.
True.
OK.
OK.
Arravind.
Yarish.
Akim.
Jones.
Janice, Isabel.
Joshua. Oh, yeah, sorry.
Khalida.
Mafusur.
Ahmed.
Narine.
Muhammad.
Archin.
Same with you, Ocean.
Yeah.
Shiva.
Soup.
Vaishnavi.
And you do what to me?
OK.
Thank you guys.
So stay tuned because we will.
I will deliver this, not the subject,
but the database to be installed for the
the database exam during the vacations.
OK.
And if we don't meet again,
then I wish you a very good holiday break
and lots of walk and but rest as well and
enjoy Paris if you stay here.
Do you have the train on?
OK.
Yeah, it's not that.
OK.
You.
OK, OK, OK, OK.
I don't know why don't you have like 100
queries we can.
We can run them.
We check the queries first. Yep, sure.
And I'm mainly checking if the query
returns the right result.
I'm what I do first is that I'm checking.
That I'm checking if the rates results
matches the expected results and then if
it does not match,
I will look at what is written.
I'm working for 0.3. Yeah, exactly.
It will be 100 logs. On what? 100 logs?
100.
What's like the Kyoto says 20 question.
I think it should be on 20 out of 20.
Yeah, yeah.
And actually more than 20 because you can.
Max it by having 24 out of 20 by having
this uh 20% bunch.
OK.
E.
Good.
Last message.
I mean, it's a solid for now.
One second.
Appreciate that. Thank you.
Well.
I.
OK.
But I you might be on.
No, we have sent you.
Big five.
I didn't.